Travis -> Bobb Barley
Kevin -> Clinker
Jen -> En Soo Young
Elise -> Orishann
Jessica -> Mylah

Met with Sands. We have a chance to get revenge on Farbela. 

Skunk weed auction; Farbala is trying to go legit and is trying to sell the Obsidian.

Sands dies from poisoning from the strawberry tarts. The party panics a little. Bob, in the corner, tries to gag himself with his wooden spoon. Clinker tries to get up and confront the bar keep, but Ensoo and Ori.

We investigate the room.
- Bobb investigates the body of Sandy. Finds gold in the coat. Clear, dark blue, dark green, red elixirs and potions. 
- Clinker stands at the door. 
- En Soo finds an invitation to the auction in the roll top desk. The password is "demons pleasure." Heaven's and Hell's auctions. The invitation gives instructions on auction etiquette. Staff are assumed to come. Finds a two column list of names: Riff, Gill (Master gnome artifice), and Nardall; Lumar, Gyvan, Stomburn, and Zan (most evil dark wizard); and Schill Tasks (famous inventor of the peach stone). 
- Orishann finds information on the auction hosts, Opal and Onyx. Opal is a Teifling and Onyx is a powerful Aasimar. Found notes in costume pocket about Schill Tasks, written by Sands. Heart next to Jules. Finds 5 platinum in the safe befind the painting. 
- Mylah finds a scroll with the name, "Jimbo." Sandy has dirt on Jimbo. Finds Farbala's yacht blueprints. Lumar has paid for the yacht. "Help Schill meet Jules, " Check behind the mirror, door in the wall with a face carved out of stone. The eyes open. "Hewo." Riddle door. Black key that probably goes to the Obsidian, along with instructions on how to start.

Someone comes into the room. Ori changes into Sandy. She believes Ori is Sandy. However she is surprised that "Sandy" is alive. She attacks. We talk her into helping us. She agrees assuming we help her and her children escape town. 

Lumar knows something is happening tonight. 

Lumar and the elf mafia. 

Schill Tasks created Peach Sending Stones and made his fortune selling them. 

Came to the dock and met Schill Tasks. Talked him into using our barge. 

## To Do
- [ ] Figure out where the Obsidian is
- [ ] 