- We star walking towards Slanty Tower. 
- We decide to experiment with emotions. We tell pun jokes and laugh a bit. We see what looks like a face on a rock that is smiling. Lotta seems to think the mist forms a heart (Valentine heart). 
- We haven't seen houses. It doesn't seem like it has been inhabited in a long time if ever. This may be because of the swamp. 
- After about 50 minutes, we notice a 10 foot wide stream running parallel to the path in the same direction. It seems odd because we are in a swamp. It's like the swamp is being "suppressed." The mangroves are thicker and there are thickets of willows. 
- We decide to continue onward to the tower, but make a note of it and plan to return and go back up the stream at a future time. 
- Destiny puts his hand in to check if it is drinkable. The water is crisp and refreshing. He drinks it by taking a handful of water. It is refreshing. Going for another scoop he notices a reflection of an old, sour-face woman. It is almost like a brief vision. The boots she is wearing are made of iron. She is standing a kitchen hacking at a piece of meat. It is not Tsu or resembling Tsu. Destiny remembers that Bavlorna loves stories of misery. It occurs to him that this may be connected to Bavlorna and the toad creatures. But it is a bit unclear. He takes a few more drinks and nothing else happens. He feels pretty good. 
- Lotta asks if he's okay. 
- He tells us it reminds him of the water in the mine that healed us. He also tells us about the vision. 
- Barney decides to also take a drink. He takes some to Snelliot. He doesn't see the old woman. He sees two merpeople. The water they're in is dark and dingey. It seems like where the swamp and the water meet. He tells us about it. 
- Lotta sees a sayter whistling to himself, reclining in a metal cage dangling over a lake. 
- Jackie sees (more intense than the others) rows and rows of bulliwug heads. They are talking to one another but she can't understand what they're saying.
- Bartleby (me) sees a hag that looks like a toad. It's disconcerting. Her eyes are bulging. Her hair is balding, but long. Her skin looks like slime. She is relaxing in a pool of fetted water, with smaller versions of her pouring water over her. As she turns to look at me the vision ends. 
- We fill our water skins. 
- As we discuss our visions we realize the bulliwogs and the Lornlings are not the same creatures. 
- The description of the Lornlings reminds Destiny of one of the creatures he saw at the carnival with Sowpig. He saw them on his paripheral vision. Once, at the big top event, he directly saw them pick pocketing. 
- We walk for several hours—possibly 3 hours. We finally see the top of the tower. 
- Destiny stops to take a drink. The water from the stream doesn't have the same effect. It's not as refreshing. 
- We take a break then continue on the path. When the river dies off we enter a different type of swamp. It is more like a bog. The ground is littered with bones. It's obvious that a battle was fought here. 
- Barney jokes about taking some souvenirs and that he used to make bone dice. As he jokes about it a set of armor rattles and stands up. It faces Barney. He waves. The armor waves. He takes a step forward. The armor takes a step forward. He notices that it mirrors his every move. 
- Another set of armor mirrors Lotta. 
- The one that was mirroring Barney starts mimicking Bartleby. 
- Lotta realizes that the armor is from a time several centuries ago when the Elves had a deep connection to the Faewild. At least 200 years ago. 
- Barney notices the other armor (not the one that was mirroring his movements) seems like it belongs to Fomorians. Giants who cursed others. They hated elves and were trying to conquer the Faewild. They eventually returned underground. He is surprised because it seemed like it was always a myth, but this proves it was likely true. 
- Destiny and Jackie looks to see if there are any other instances of magic armor. They try to find a full set of armor with not much luck. Jackie notices an old hunting horn. The leather strap has decomposed. It is lying next to someone who likely held a banner in battle. She picks up the horn. Destiny notices a green (parideaux) brooch that sat in a breastplate. He reaches down and remembers the rule of reciprocity. He remembers that Tsu said Bavlorna is less strict about it, but karma is more than just an idea in the Faewild. He doesn't take it. 
- Lotta looks for anything interesting. She finds a fairly intact owl helmet. It's in pretty close in quality to the animated armor. She finds a stick and puts it into the mud. She places the helmet on top of the stick and says an elvish prayer for the dead. Barney plants an acorn. 
- Barney looks for a nice owl helmet. As he walks around and doesn't find any intact helmets. He does find a little pendant. It has an engraving of an owl. It has hinges. He puts it on. He also takes some filagree from one of the helmets. 
- Destiny watches to see if the land reacts to the party taking items. The land doesn't seem to react. It seems like we're in a bubble in Prismeer. 
- Jackie puts back the horn back. 
- We finally arrive at the Slanty Tower. The foundation is crumbling. There is a large tangle of black brambles around the base. As we circle around we notice a woven basket attached to a buttress, about 30 feet up. It is about 50 feet tall and 20 feet wide. There seems to be an open source door on the opposite side from the balloon. 
- There seem to be patches where we may be able to get through. It would be difficult terrain and we may take damage. 
- Destiny tries to get close enough to yell to whomever may be in the basket. He yells, "Hey! Anybody up there?"
- "Shhh!" comes from the basket. 
- Barney loudly whispers the same thing, "*Hey. Anybody up there?*"
- The person tells Destiny he would like to get down. 
- Barney asks what he needs. There are two serpents in the brambles below. Lotta tries to see if she can see the serpents. She can hear breathing from near the door. They seem to be sleeping. It sounds like quite a large creature. It would be large. 
- He tells Lotta he serve the Summer Queen of the Seely court. This is an area outside of Prismeer. He is trying to escape from Bavlorna. 
- This all reminds Lotta and Destiny of the vision of the saytre in a cage above the lake. 
- Barney starts walking into brambles. He makes it about 10 feet into the brambles. The serpents approach him. He casts speak with animals. He talks to them. He tells them he is "a guest in their lovely brambles." He convinces them to allow us to climb the tower by trading five acorns. He says acorns will attract small creatures. They leave to go plant their acorns. 
- Barney climbs up and rescues Sir Talavar. He is a small dragon. He tells us the keys to the cage is in Telemy Hill with a Goblin named jingle-jangle. Jingle Jangle coordinated to help him escape. Wiggle Woggle was the pilot of the balloon. They were attacked by an air element tall. 
- We start walking to Telemy Hill. Sir Talavar promises to give us his sword. He tells us the Fomorians are waring with Seely court. He came to see if Zilbna would help them in their fight. He found out that the hourglass coven had taken over and Bavlorna captured him. 