- We start heading to Telemy Hill
- We chat with Sir Talavar on the way. 
	- How to get into and out of Bavlorna's lair?
	- Sir Talavar tells us Bavlorna's is at a Bulliwog settlement called Downfall. People there are relatively kind. Just don't be sketchy. 
	- Her sisters are using something with a cauldron to freeze Zilbna. 
	- Would the gourd be related to the cauldron? He doesn't know. It may just be related to the sisters. 
	- He is almost completely sure Zilbna is trapped in the Palace of Hearts Desire. 
	- He tells us that the mists keep the realms separated, but the hags get around somehow. 
	- We most likely need to get something from each of the hags. 
- Easier going this time. Less of a bog. Mist starts forming as we get closer to Telemy Hill. 
- There are sweet, fruity smells as we get closer. The swamp turns to moss. 
- It is somewhat disorienting getting to the top. The trek was much easier than expected. For the height of the hill, there were no switchbacks on the way up. The trees are swaying despite there being no wind. 
- One of the willow trees begins to crawl then walk towards us. 
- Barney gets very excited. "It's like getting to meet your hero." He bows before the tree. The tree is confused. 
- We tell him we're looking for Jingle Jangle. They like her "Key Coat." It's a coat of keys. 
- Jingle Jangle was attacked by brigands. She is holed up in a cave at the top of the hill. "She's sure to be hungry."
- Barney tells the trees he is happy to meet them. They are Wakened Trees. Barney asks if he can be pen pals. They don't really know what that is. He pours about half of his "refreshing" water. They just say, "okay."
- We reach the cave. There is a door within the opening of the cave. The door is shaped like a keyhole. 
- Sir Talavar does not know Jingle Jangle. Wiggle Wog knew her. 
- We knock. There is no answer. The door is not shut or locked. We prepare and enter. I carry Talavar. 
- We walk down some stairs into what is like a cellar. There is a metallic smell. We come into the cellar. The cave has been carved out to be more home like. There are strings hung on the walls with keys attached. They glitter in our lamplight. There are keys strewn about the floor. 
- We hear jingling approaching. A goblin comes into the room. 
- She is wearing a coat covered in keys. She is holding a flail with locks on the whip ends. She asks us if she can help unlock some happiness. 
- Destiny asks if she has the key to Talavar's cage. She rummages around and finds it. Destiny takes it and unlocks the cage. 
- Talavar presents his dagger to Destiny. He bids farewell to each of us in turn. 
- Talavar quickly leaves. 
- We ask if we can help Jingle Jangle. She wants a bag of truffles, refreshing snack, refreshing drink, or revenge. Barney offers to give her some of the refreshing water. She accepts. It heals her. 
- Lotta asks about the brigands (harengons). Agdon Longscarf attacked her. They hid on the Brigand's Tollway. The brigands hide on the walkways. She says to find Clapper Claw. He is a handsome pincer clawed scarecrow. 
- Jingle Jangle made a deal with Bavlorna and now she is obsessed with keys. 
- We ask her if she has any useful keys. She stands up and starts walking out of the cave. Outside, the willows have moved close to the cave entrance. She announces to the trees that she is okay. The tree we spoke to gives us a key that will be "useful in downfall."
- We ask how to get to Downfall. He says Telemy Hill can get us close to the Brigands' Tollway. 
- We learn that Telemy Hill is sentient and it moves. The trees speak for the hill. 
- Zilbna should be able to return us to the material plane. 
- Telemy Hill brings us near the Brigands Tollway
- The Brigand's lair is a stump as tall as a three story building surrounded by wooden walkways leading out into the swamp
- The top of the stump is shrouded in fog and there are figures walking around the area. 
- We are trying to count how many Harengons. 
- Lower parts of the Tollway seem emptied. Lotta checks if there are many Fae nearby. There seems to be several. 
- We stop to discuss what we should do. While talking, a sixth person joins us without us realizing it. Everyone but me realize that he is there. He throws off his cloak and introduces himself as Agdon Longscarf. He runs away and we realize that we are surrounded. 