- We awake on a very large stump. It is 30 feet tall and 80 feet in diameter. There are bridges surrounding the stump. There is a path leading toward Downfall. Ladders connect from the top of the stump down to the bridges. In the center of the stump is Agdon's throne. There is stuff piled up around the throne. 
- We talk with the brigands and ask about directions to Downfall. They offer us Agdon's skiff. 
- Agdon didn't follow Zilbna's rules. She cursed him to wear his scarf. Zilbna tied him to a tree. Slack-jawed Lorna cut him loose. Agdon is very old. He was a prince. Barney asks about whether everyone has a bubble form around them when they die (gentle repose). It varies: turn to stone, resurrect, shrivel into dust, mostly nothing (normal).
- Destin-y takes the branding iron. It cools as soon as it is taken from Agdon. Destin-y puts it into the bag of holding. It requires attunement. 
- We take a moment to look through the piles of stolen goods:
	- Destin-y (2) finds a dancing daffodil. 
	- Barney (2) finds a cookie cuttershaped like a unicorn. 
	- Lotta (2) finds a boson whistle. It's inaudible to us, but can be heard by the Fae. The Harengons react to it. 
	- Jackie (14) finds a leather bound notebook. When written in, the ink sinks into the page. It only shows what is written in it until it is turned upside down. 
	- Bartleby (20) finds a pair of nice leather boots. At first they are too small but then they grow to my size. They have a pattern of vine from top to toe. I put them on. They are very comfortable. Fae wild made. They add +5 speed and +1 to stealth. Bartleby gives them to Lotta. 
- We start heading toward Downfall. We lash the skiff to Sneliot. 
- It takes several hours in the skiff to reach Downfall. Lotta spends the time attuning to the branding iron. It is eerie how quiet things get as we approach Downfall. We start to see some ramshackled piers and houses. Fog starts to settle in. We follow a channel. We lose sight of the buildings ahead. The waterway opens up. The current is pulling us towards a bay or lake. As we pass through the end of the channel and into the lake we can hear croaking that sounds like voices. We start to see dark figures in the fog. Two row boats with two Bulliwogs each come into view. 
- Their cloths are old but we're once nice. They begin speaking but none of us can understand them they are speaking sylvin. They don't seem angry and don't attack us. Destin-y sings the song that was sung by Agdon and his band. 
- The Bulliwogs approached us. He told us we didn't wait long enough before saying the king's name. Lotta asks if he will teach her the Bulliwog customs. He directs us to a dock to teach us. 
- He introduces himself as the Mundlemud the Green Baron. He teaches us. 
- Some toad creatures tell us to see the king. The Bulliwogs don't seem to mind us. Mundlemud recounts the history of their people. He warns us to do the correct rituals or they will pretend to not speak common. Jackie asks him how long he has been in Prismeer. He drones on-and-on. It's been a while. She then asks why he is helping us. He says they are neutral. Barney asks about Agdon Longscarf, but Mundlemud doesn't want to talk about him. He is also unconcerned with politics of Prismeer. Bartleby asks if he knows anything about an allacorn. He doesn't want to talk about it. 
- He starts to lead us down the pier to a path made of giant boulders. He clears one of the boulders. Destin-y jumps on the stone he skipped. It (Galeb duhr) stands up. It berates Destin-y. We make it to the other side.
- He points to another structure standing on stilts. It has a steep, conical roof. There is a hole at the apex with smoke coming out. The windows are blacked out. It smells of burned wood. It recently was burned. There is a clothes line with freyed and worn out clothes hanging. It extends back toward the middle of the lake but it is obscured from view by the fog. There are ramps from the East and West that go to the building. Mundlemud tells us the building is their balloon factory. Wigglewog stole a balloon as well. Mundlemud describes Wigglewog as a ruffian. 
- We walk passed the factory we hear some noises inside.
- Lotta asks Mundlemud why someone would steal a balloon. Their idea of fair is warped. 
- We walk around the balloon factory. Jackie recognizes this area because of the spikes with Bulliwog heads. It is from the vision she had in the pool. 
- A small figure is sitting on the edge of the boardwalk talking to itself. The heads on the spike begin screaming in various language. Mundlemud doesn't seem affected. The heads are the heads of previously disposed rulers. As we walk by the heads turn toward us and berate us. Destin-y tells one of the heads that Lotta killed Agdon Longscarf. He tells us Bavlorna spends lots of time in the water and has a hard time with her Scabitha Nightshade. The small figure is a small scarecrow. It has a gourd in place of a head. It has bright blue crab claws instead of hands. He is sad that he doesn't have his head anymore. He had a stag skull for a head. 