- Leaning tower in the distance 
- Destiny checks the tooth with a moon: nothing seems different. 
- Barney looks over the edge while holding his chicken foot. 
- Highway is held up with many columns, like a Roman aquaduct. There are divits that would allow us to climb down. Bioluminescent mushrooms. 
- Jackie looks out and sees a large bird. Toward the tower there is a hot air balloon that resembles a patchwork quilt. It is moving erratically. The balloon is deflating. It plummet down into the fog. 
- We decide to make for the balloon. 
- We start down the edge. Barney starts down. He's doing okay. Jackie does a great job adding the anchors. I slip, and I catch myself. The rope comes undone. I happen to land on a mushroom and not die. 
- We were able to navigate down the remainder of the mushrooms. 
- Massive crane Flies by because we startle it. 
- Lotta makes a mark on a tree to help with navigation. 
- We listen and investigate. It is difficult terrain and moving is slow. We notice some small swamp creatures. We hear voices of some kind—at least we think we do. It is a call and response march song. There are people marching. Barney says something about frog men. 
- Barney lays down and rolls in the mud. It is difficult to get up out of the mud. He starts to sink into the mud. Destiny throws him a rope. He catches it and we get him out. We now have advantage when checking for quick mud. 
- The group of singing people catches up to us. A bipedal rabbit is leading a pack of rabbits and a large snail. They have barrais and nicer clothing. Their song makes us think they're not super nice. It is about Agdon Longscarf, the briggand prince of Prismeer. They have drawn their weapons and pointed them towards us. 
- They inform us that we are being robbed. The trees start groaning and moving. Barney notices that the trees may be reacting to the mood. The land reacts to strong emotions. 
- I prepare my action for my Sacred Flame cantrip. 
- Lotta tries to tell them were here to join their briggands. 
- They want our happiest memories. They bring out a gourd. It pulls memories out of people. Lotta casts animal friendship. Jackie grows in size.
- Barney thorn whips the leader and they attack! 
- Destiny kills the leader with one blow. I tried to cast spare the dying on her. But she was dead, dead. 😕
- We learn that if we will have to deal with Agdon we'll also have to deal with the hags. We decide to trade the gourd for information. We ask:
	- What happened to Zilbna? 
		- She became comatose. Not sure what happened. She is asleep. 
	- What can you tell us about the hag? 
		- Bavlona Brightstraw. She's in charge of Hither. In league with Agdon. Like deals and lost things. She took care of the water. 
	- What sects control the swamp? Are you the briggands? 
		- Haregons and the briggands. 
	- Is Bavlona associated with the hourglass coven? 
		- Yes.
	- How do we get to the place where those who still support Zilbna? 
		- There are supporters everywhere. Look for the walking inn. It's called the inn at the end of the road. Three hours walk away. 
- The leader turns around and tells us to follow the three rules of Prismeer:
	- Rule of hospitality
	- Rule of ownership
	- Rule of reciprocity 
- We connect that there are a lot of things that come in 3's.
- We found various items in the bags on the snail. Destiny finds a bag of holding. We name the snail, "Snailiot Spencer." He is good a avoiding quick mud. 
- We set out for the inn. 
- As we travel we come across a group of stilt walkers. We just pass. 
- When we are having a good time the world sounds seem to change. We start to hear a new sound. We hear rushing water and trickling water. We end up with water up to our shins. The water continues to rise. It goes up to about 5 feet. We follow Snailiot. We hold on to Snailiot and he pulls us through the water. 
- He takes us to a well. It's 5 feet across and about 10 feet tall above the ground. There is a ladder that goes up the side. We climb up. It is filled with clean water with trinkets floating on top of the water. 
- Destiny and Barney have a feeling that the well and toys are somehow related to things and persons going missing. Barney tosses in a wizard doll. A whispy light appears and talks to him. It tells Barney it will give him a gift. Barney asks to find the inn. The trinkets tie them to the will. 
- We learn that hither is the realm of the present. 
- Bavlorna doesn't like wittershins.
- The inn appears. The water is being reabsorbed into the well. 
- We jump into the inn. The water is pulled into the well. 


"Pee stream pals"