- In the Inn. It is tall and narrow. Run down inside. It has lots of feet. 4×7 human feet under the house. Regular floor inside, but it moves. When on the edge of the well it shifts and rocks, but inside there is no movement detectable. 
- There are not many people inside. Tsu Harabax is managing the Inn. She offers us plum pudding. The inn seems well used but very tidy and well kept. It is old and worn out, but we'll cared for. 
- She asks us about o-well trinkets. 
- She has us go get cleaned up and rested. It is a nice place to stay. When you look out the window, it looks like the same place without the swamp and mangrove trees. The highway is white and unbroken. 
- Tsu feeds us. I asked her why things look different through the windows. It is a swamp because of Bavlorna. It was once a meadow in the past. She doesn't know how or why. We tell her we are trying to figure out about Zilbna. 
- Tsu explains:
	- She's not a fan of the current ruler. 
	- Things were better when Zilbna was in charge of Prismeer. Then the three hags came in. They are affiliated with the Hourglass Coven. 
	- Zilbna was once the ruler. It was not separated into Hither, Thither, and Yon. It was all one. The Queen's way traversed the entirety of Prismeer. 
	- Zilbna has gone missing.
	- Two additional factions have come in. 
	- She doesn't know much about Bavlorna Brightstraw. Don't trifle with her. Not as powerful as some in the coven. She is the middle child. Slack-jawed. She resembles one of the kids that was with Sowpig. She loves tales of wo and misery. 
	- The toad creature is a Lornling.  Bavlorna only trusts herself. She created them to resemble herself. 
	- Bavlorna is over the present. She rarely leaves her lair. She is to be found on a bobbing lily pad. 
	- Tsu harbors a lot of distrust and dislike of Bavlorna. 
	- the o-wells have always been here. They were good gathering place. Often as a market or just somewhere to gather. Now they can't control the water. Be careful around the wells. The whisps may be the souls of those who drowned when the o-wells first overflowed. The swamp may be due to the flooding from the o-wells. 
	- She doesn't know how long she's been in Prismeer. She's a druid from Candlekeep. She inherited the Inn from someone that was a Fae. 
	- If you reach the mist we cannot cross it. There may be creatures that could help. 
	- Prismeer does not follow the rules of the material plane. If you die, weird things may happen. 
	- The environment reacts to strong emotions. 
	- Lotta asks for a map. She says it changes, but she can help draw a rough map. 
	- She speculates that Zilbna is not ot dead because Prismeer would cease to exist. 
	- Destiny and Lotta ask how we might be able to find her. 
	- She agrees to take us near Slanty Tower. 
	- We promise to try to take care of Bavlorna. 
- Map main landmarks
	- Queen's Way
	- Downfall
	- Slanty Tower
	- Brigands Tollway
- Best to avoid the area around Downfall and Brigands Tollway. 
- We head to the Slanty Tower. 

- Madryck Rosslof has asked us to:
	1. Find out what happened to Zilbna
	2. Seek her out
	3. Help her if we can
	4. Return with proof that she is still alive 