- We meet the Bulliwog Dumphrey Frogart. He and Clapperclaw take us to Thither in an airship. They drop us off at Nib's Cave. 
- Clapperclaw tells us about Scabatha (granny Nightshade). She deals in the past and regrets. 
- He also tells us about a animated oil can (Squirt) that is with Nib. 
- Barney checks the trees. He can't quite tell how old they are. He notices that every once in a while, the trees don't look quite right. They seem to be rotting a bit. 
- We walk in the direction that Clapperclaw pointed us. 
- We come across some wood posters. There is an image of a boy carved into the wood. They talk about bringing the boy (imp / whisp) to whoever signed them. Signed by G. N. "No sword can ever break your skin." "Bury you up to your neck in silver."
- The three sisters don't get along. They are not really that concerned about the others. 
- We continue walking. A creature comes striding up to us. It is a Dryad. With her are seven bushes that are awakened plants. The Dryad has some of the rot on her as well as some of the bushes. The Dryad points at us and angrly tells, "show these villagers the true meaning of revenge!" The bushes start slowly approaching. 
- Roll Initiative! Barney tries to pursuade them to stop. They don't listen. Destiny throws some kunai destroying one bush. Jackie takes one out. Lotta convinces them to stop. 
- The Dryad (Meadowleaf) asks what we're doing and asks if we are with the hag. We tell her we just killed Bavlorna and freed Hither. She says we probably didn't because Thither would be free and her tree should have returned. She doesn't believe us. She tells us she won't be around long because of the rot. She tells us that anything Granny Nightshade touches starts to rot. We find out that Granny Nightshade is in Loomlurch. 
- Granny Nightshade is after "Will and the Getaway Gang." He is the imp on the poster. 
- She gives three seeds. One to Barney, Bartleby, and one to Lotta. The seeds give is the ability to sneak. 
- The rot affects trees and denezins. Granny Nightshade turned her tree into toys. They are the toys that we found in the o'wells. She tells us we're about an hour from the cave. 
- We continue walking. We see large birds as we travel. 
- We make it to the rocky foothills. There is some torchlight coming from the cave. It resembles a house. It has two windows and a door. There is some parchment nailed to a tree just outside. It is another wanted poster. It has Will again, but this one mentions the getaway gang. "You'll win the heart of the one you love."
- Destiny knocks on the door and asks if, "this is Nib's Cave?" An old man (Nib) is spinning gold coins into gold thread at a spinning wheel. His clothes are nice but thread bare. He is wearing a blindfold. Destiny tells the old man that we are friends of King Clapperclaw. There are piles of gold coins everywhere. He is spinning gold into thread as penance for the life he lived. Granny Nightshade is helping him with his penance. It is a curse. 
- As we talk we have visions of people popping into the periphery of our vision. He is haunted by his deeds. He can see them. That is why he wears a blindfold, but he still sees them. 
- He knits a woven necklace out of gold yarn. It is an amulet of proof against detection and location. He weaves items for each of us. 
- He tells us there is a Goblin candy shop, a parlor where she makes her deals, and a toy shop in Loomlurch. Watch for the key in Granny Nightshade's back. The slower it goes the worse things will be. She rides a rocking horse into the sky. 
- He tells us about Will. He and several kids who worked in the toy shop escaped. She is looking for him but they are protected. 
- Lotta tries to cast Protection from Good and Evil, but Nib warns that it probably won't work and she may be cursed in the process. 
- Nib tells us Squirt is likely at Little Oak's Tree house. 