---
tags: []
title: 2025-06-07
---

# 2025-06-07

- Destiny walks up to the floating rune slab, reaches out and touches it. Nothing happens. The stone is listing, but still hovering. The lights lighting up the rune slab are beginning to fade. They are oscillating.
- We do not recognize the runes. Even our rune knight, Jackie, does not recognize them. Barney cast detect magic and found that it was part of the evocation school.
- We or the dwarves have crossed a realm. Something has happened where this cave doesn't belong to Prismeer. It seems out of place. We have never seen a deep gnome. We're not exactly sure what is going on. It reminds us of Sir Talavar from earlier, who was from the realm of the summer queen, called the Seelie Court. This realm is not *technically* part of Prismeer. Seelie Court intersects with Prismeer.
- Destiny brings up the idea that the Hourglass Coven is trying to expand into other realms. We talk about how Mr. Light and Mr. Witch were both from a different plane and the hags have pushed into their planes. They have now pushed into the material plane. Maybe they are trying to take over as many planes as possible. Mr. Light and Mr. Witch are from a shadow realm called the Land of Mists.
    - Destiny: "Do you think the sisters are trying to get us to kill the other sisters? Are we just pawns? A part of me wonders if we're being manipulated into something… The Alicorn is the… and we realized all these things… are we the baddies here?"
    - Barney: "I don't know. As long as we're getting a warlock's horde of riches."
    - Destiny: "Maybe the warlock just wants us to wipe out the sisters so he can take over. Maybe he's the main one behind it. It is weird that the grey lady was having tea with Bavlorna when we walked in. Anyway, we've got our Boggle Oil, maybe we should go talk to Squirt. I don't know if we need to worry about it, but this place makes me feel weird."
    - Lotta agrees that it is time to head back.
- Lotta wants to find Wrefren on our way out to find out what he was scavenging and selling. She looks around to find him (18 investigation) but she does not find him. Lotta notices a few of the houses with the phosphorescent lights wink out in one house and then come back on in a different house. It is evidence that there may be more dark gnomes, but it is unclear. Whatever it is, it is trying to hide. We don't see Wrefren specifically.
- We decide to start heading back up. It takes a while to get back up. It feels like it takes longer to go back up than it did to go down. When we emerge the sun is setting. We look around to see where the Jabberwocky is or might be. We don't see anything. We investigate a bit to see if there is anything weird in the cave or if there are any animals (Lotta: 5; Jackie: 19), but there doesn't appear to be anything of significance.
- We take a long rest. We wake up completely.
- We start heading back to Little Oak. It will take us about a day. We don't run into anything unusual during the day and successfully make it back to Little Oak.
- When we get back we are swarmed by kids. They ask if we met the unicorn. Barney says, "I am a unicorn," and puts on his unicorn outfit. A little boy berates him telling him his costume is bad. Barney apologizes that he has lost the magic in his heart. The boy tells him his name is Bobby. He storms away looking for Will.
- We are let in to see Will. Barney tells Will that Destiny tasted Boggle Oil. Will laughs. Barney tells him he would have tasted it if Destiny didn't do it first. Destiny blames the campestri. Will finds the whole thing funny. He reaffirms that it was just a taste. Will tells him to keep it to himself. Lotta is trying to get everyone's attention. "Where's Squirt?"
- Squirt is where we left him.
    - Destiny says, "See! Squirt is drinking it!"
    - Squirt: "Are you an oil can?"
- We have six cans of oil. We keep applying oil until something happens. His eyes eventually open and he starts blinking. He shakes himself and says, in a deep voice, "Thanks!"
    - Lotta: "It's good to see you up and… running."
    - Squirt: "I'm not offended—that's accurate."
    - Bartleby: "We heard you can get us to Yon. How does that work?"
    - Squirt: "Yeah, I can get you to Yon. What do you want there?"
    - Lotta: "Before we go though we need to take care of Granny Nightshade."
    - Destiny: "What do you know about the Alicorn… Eladon?"
    - Squirt: "I don't know anything about him. But if you need to go to Yon, I can take you."
    - Destiny: "I'm feeling a little bit railroaded by this. It's weird that the grey lady was there and wasn't worried about anything. They have to have an idea of what our skills are, and she just bails out of there like nothing. She leaves Bavlorna to fend for herself. I don't like the flavor of how all this is working out. I just want to go to Yon and kill someone there."
    - Will: "Wait, you're just going to leave us here?"
    - Destiny: "No. We'll be back."
    - Lotta: "We can't leave Granny Nightshade here."
    - Will: "Did someone *make* you kill Bavlorna? It seems like a choice."
    - Destiny: "The whole thing is just weird."
    - Will: "Fine, we'll get out of here and take care of her ourselves. We'll get Granny Nightshade and Sowpig."
    - Lotta: "I don't want to deal with two of them together."
    - Destiny: "What if the one sister is just waiting for us to take care of the other sister?"
    - Will: "Yeah well, what about the kids? You don't need to kill Granny Nightshade to save the kids."
    - Bartleby: "We owe the kids!"
    - Barney: "Let's go out and play in the dark."
    - Will: "It's a valid point."
    - Jackie: "Why do we have to go right now?"
    - Destiny: "There's layers here." He says this in his unicorn outfit. "Mind the rule of three: Future, Present, Past. Find the alicorn, free the dormant queen at last. We're doing them in the wrong order."
    - Lotta: "Are you saying that Clapperclaw and Squirt are working for…?"
    - Squirt: "I don't work for anyone."
    - Destiny: "Doesn't it seem like there have been like stepping stones here? Like this is too easy?"
    - Lotta walks up to Will: "What is your plan to get the kids out of here?"
    - Will: "This is a multiple stage plan. First is the approach. These kids are going to creep in from the west and hide in the treeline. Beware of the screaming scarecrows. We will sneak in through the entrance through the kitchen. This is in Loomlurch… What do you know about Loomlurch? We'll come back to that. You will present a distraction. You will go to the goblin market and schedule an appointment with Granny Nightshade. Then comes the escape. We'll spring the kids from the toy shop."
    - Lotta: "That's a terrible plan."
- The kids know the area better than us. Will doesn't care if we kill the hag, he just cares about the kids. We could spring the kids and leave the hag alone. Lotta asks what travelers meet with Granny Nightshade for. Will suggests we tell Granny Nightshade that we had seen him. Destiny says we should say that we saw him in the cave with the abandoned dwarven city. Will draws a map of Loomlurch. He tells us that the west side of Loomlurch is Granny Nightshade's garden. The garden is full of boggles. The screaming scarecrows are in the garden. They are stationary, but they will scream if they see anyone. Will has never seen them move. There are two ground level doors that he is aware of as well as an upper door. Once you get within 50 feet of one of the scarecrows it will start screaming and all the other scarecrows will also start screaming. There is a work house and a tin soldier dormitory in the center of Loomlurch. The kids sleep right above the soldiers' barracks.
- The kids are in the textile factory and the mill.
- Barney mentions that he never got his nighttime stealth totem. He says it would be cool if we could get the Jabberwocky to join and help with our efforts, but wasn't sure how to get it around.
- Destiny brought up the League of Malevolence. He asks Will about them. When he tries to tell us, no words come out of his mouth (Insight check, Barney: 17, Jackie: 10, Bartleby: 11, Destiny: 11, Lotta: 15). Barney thinks that Will is cursed but also doesn't want to talk about it in front of the kids.
- Madrick Rosloff was the warlock that sent us on this whole thing. Destiny is starting to wonder if he is actually behind all of this.
- Barney suggests getting the scarecrows to start screaming to draw out the guards.
- Barney throws a pinecone outside and yells, "Gold piece for the first to find it!" All the kids run out.
- Destiny starts theorizing that Will was the one who taught us how to get to the unicorn lake. He thinks Will is involved. Lotta thinks we need to meet our goal by freeing Zilbna. This is about the money. Destiny is still skeptical.
- Barney asks what happens if Will writes it in the dirt. Will tells us, "It's a curse, but it's not a curse."
    - It is not a bargain. It's about the hags. It's about Granny Nightshade. He has made a deal with Granny Nightshade regarding the children. The kids are locked up because of the bargain he made. He vaguely knows who the League of Malevolence is. They are separate things.
    - Granny Nightshade wants Will because he keeps freeing the kids. He has not always been a kid. He was changed into a *human kid*. He was an Oni previously. He is not from Prismeer. He came to Prismeer after the hags. The hags brought him here. The bargain he made brought him here. He no longer wants to be an Oni. He wants to be Will.
    - He made a deal as an Oni. An Oni is not from the Feywild. They are monsters that are usually used by evil people. They are uncommon and can polymorph into different creatures. They are lawful evil. They are essentially *the boogeyman*. He most likely lured in kids while he was an Oni. This curse is actually placed on him, but he doesn't want the curse broken. He was working for Granny Nightshade. The curse was given by one of the other hags. Granny Nightshade doesn't know that Will is the Oni that was working for her. As an Oni he was luring children in for Granny Nightshade.
    - Barney suggests that once we free Zilbna, she could put in a fresh curse to change him to what he is now if he loses the curse. But curses typically don't end with the death of the curser.
    - Lotta asks if there is a way to return the children to their homes if we free them. Will says it depends on the kids. The kids don't age normally. The displacer beast's child is here so we can at least return it to its parent.
    - Will reveals that Granny Nightshade has a windup key on her back and it tells a lot about her mood. If she's happy it's spinning around. If she starts getting upset it slows down and when she's very angry it stops turning.
    - When Lotta asked Will about weaknesses that Granny Nightshade has he says that she also tends to forget the first person she sees in the morning. That person is invisible to her. She can't remember seeing or perceive it until the end of her next long rest.
- Scabatha Nightshade. She is the oldest.
- Bavlorna Blightstraw. She is the middle sister.
- Endilin Moongrave. She is the youngest.
- It is weird that they have formed a coven because they typically don't work together. There is most likely a *reason* they are working together. They are working together. There is a changeling working with them. The dwarves are here. The fomorians attacking the Summer Queen. And then also the League of Malevolence.
