---
tags: []
title: 2025-05-02
---
- Ezri ([[Sassy]]), Teddy ([[Sparky]]), and Alina ([[Kitty Cat]]) joined this session.
- We come across [[Will]]. He tells us to, "surrender or face merry hell!"
- We lower our weapons. We try to talk to the kids. They are not trusting if adults.
- We talk with them. The kids agree to help us find [[Granny Nightshade]].
- We talk to [[Squirt]]. He needs Boggle-oil from the dwarves in the mountains.
- They agree to tell us the secret of the Unicorn pool. That is the pool we couldn't approach. Only a unicorn can approach the pool. Sassy shows us her unicorn costume that the kids use to trick the magic to get to the pool. She agrees to help us out one together.
- Kitty Cat fetches some sticks to act as unicorn horns. Sassy finds moss to make unicorn heads. Sparky puts blankets over us and uses materials from a deralect tree house.
- We red the help of the unicorns to fight Granny Nightshade.
- We make out way to the [[Wayward Pool]]. Those who are wearing their costumes start making progress towards the pool.
- Everyone puts on their costumes and we head to the pool.
- when we near the pool, Barney hears a twig snap, dive rolls out of the way. We roll initiative. Barney grapples whatever it is. He whispers, "neigh," to whatever it is (because he is dressed up as a unicorn). The creature is covered in a cloak and has leathery skin like a zombie.
- Jackie pulls back the hood. It reveals an unhealthy looking orc. His tusks are rotten. Sparky asks him why he looks the way he does. He says it is because of [[Kellek]]. He asks why he is spying on us. Kitty shoots him in the eye with a pointy rock. Sassy slashes him across the face with her great axe. Destin-y attacks with his dagger and bloodies him.
- The orc pulls apart his daggers and reveals a wire between them. He wraps it around Barney's neck and injures Barney. "Stop what you're doing!" the orc yells. Bartleby casts Dissonant Whisper. Kitty shoots her slingshot and hits it in the head. He collapses. Barney is freed.
- We cast zone of truth. Barney turns into a bear. The orc ([[Zarak]]) wakes up. He tells us he is trying to get to the pool to get a unicorn horn for the League of Melevelance to get a staff of power from [Bavlorna](Bavlorna's) tower. The orc may be from the material plane.
- He tells us Kellek is a powerful necromancer. He knows [[Nazar]] that we ran into near Echo Wave Cave. Lotta discovers
- Igwell's Cauldron. It stops time in an area.
- Kellek is trying to get as much power as possible. A unicorn horn is needed to break the temporal freeze on Bavlorna's tower.
- We let him go.
- We swim to the island in the middle of the pool. We climb to the top of a rock cairn. We spot the Unicorn down toward the other side of the island. We walk toward her.
- We hear the voice of the Unicorn in our heads. "What brings you to Thither?"
- Lotta asks about how to get rid of Granny Nightshade.
- Her unicorn is named [[Lamorna]].
- Destin-y asks if she can help us end the temporal freezing spell. She says her horn would need to be cut off. Her mate, [[Eladon]], was turned into a riding horse for Granny Nightshade and lost his horn in the process. Granny Nightshade has probably hidden the Unicorn horn.
- Barney plans to ask her about magical items (next time).
