- Bartleby attunes to the helm of telepathy. He walks through the house and senses 5 thinking creatures. 
- We decide to just go attack her. Destiny becomes invisible. Bartleby steps in and asks about cleaning supplies. He then uses the helm of telepathy to try to read Bavlorna's mind. She saves. Bartleby casts vicious mockery. Jackie throws a javalin and hits her. Barney throws an ax and hits her. Bavlorna attacks Barney and grapples him. She also casts a spell on Destiny, even though he is invisible. Lotta missed hitting her with Agnon's branding iron. Destiny hit with his daggers.
- Bartleby casts sacred flame successfully. Jackie becomes giant, attacks and hits her. Bavlorna continues to restrain Barney. Destiny tries to hit her with his ax with no success. Bavlorna hits Barney again through her bite. Her Lornlings attract Destiny and Lotta. Both miss. Lotta attacks Bavlorna and hits her with the branding iron. Destiny walks counterclockwise around her and hits one of the Lornlings with his darts killing it. Bavlorna begins sneezing releasing Barney. Barney falls prone. 
- Bartleby tries to cast guiding bolt but fails. Jackie attacks with her great ax and hits Bavlorna. Barney stands up backs up and, using his thorn whip, grapples her and pulls her out of the water. Bavlorna produces three Lornlings. She attacks Barney and fails hitting Destiny. One of the Lornlings attacks Barney. The other attacks Destiny. Another attacks Lotta hitting her. Lotta attacks Bavlorna, hitting her very hard. Destiny attacks with his daggers.
- Bartleby squishes a Lornling and heals Destiny. Jackie hits Bavlorna with her great ax damaging her greatly. Barney goes into rage and attacks, missing. Bavlorna retreats a little, Barney and Jackie get attacks of opportunity, both hit. She confines to retreat and Destiny and Lotta also get attacks of opportunity, both also hit. Destiny gives the final blow. He hits her leg with his dagger pinning her to the floor. "My sisters will get you!" she scowls. She then dissolves into some ooze. 
- Destiny examines Bavlorna's lily pad. The lily pad is a magic vehicle. It has a walking, flying, and swim. Bartleby attunes to the lily pad.
- Destiny checks out the mirror in the room. It reminds him of the mirror that brought us to Prismeer. Bartleby asks if Destiny thinks that is how we get to Thither. Clapperclaw appears in the o-well and says, "that's one way." We give him his head. He says touch the mirror and say, "Bandersnatch." This will take us back to the Witch light carnival.
- We go up to release the caged sayter. We notice that the water in Higher is starting to go down and the mist is clearing. Lotta and Barney interrogate the sayter. The Harringons chased him (Vansil) and Bavlorna caught him in a net. We pull the cage to the edge of the building and pull the bars apart. He goes in the house and puts a table cloth around himself. Because of the rule of reciprocity he casts a spell on a wooden spoon. It gives good luck to who ever uses with the magic word, "biggleboggle."
- Clapperclaw gets a chest out of a meat locker and says he needs to deliver his heart to a friend in jail.
- Destiny opens the portal to the Witch light carnival to go show the carnival ticket signed by Isolde to Mr. Light. He and Jackie go through. The big top is just finishing up. They approach Mr. Light and he takes them into the back. He says they felt the change. Destiny shows him the ticket. He tries to lie about not knowing. He goes and gets Mr. Witch. They tell them the story that Mr. Light (Urmius) and Mr. Witch (Naeryx Crumple) are not their real names. They are from a scary plane (shadow fell). They were able to buy the carnival from a fae named Izuld. Izuld disappeared and later the employees started disappearing. Destiny tells them about his vision of a dark or nightmarish carnival. They tell them that Izuld may have been trapped between the two planes and taking his revenge for being trapped. Destiny asks if the ticket has any meaning. He say Bavlorna liked things with memories attached. Destiny asks about the other hags. He tells Destiny about Scabatha and Endalin Moongrave. Scabatha feeds on people's regrets. Endalin trades in free will and futures. 