- We ask Nib what direction we need to go to get to Little Oak. He says it will take about two days. We decide to head out.
- We continue to see more posters as we travel. We travel for a half day and camp. Nothing happens through the night. We continue the next day avoiding Loomlurch as best we can. We follow the river. We see more Dryads that don't seem like they don't want anything to do with us. The Dryads we see seem more healthy than Meadowleaf. 
- Destiny says, "to Meadowleaf," to one of them. The Dryad bows it's head. Lotta asks if they know of anything going on. The Dryad asks what questions we have. Lotta asks what is going on around here. We learn there are entities around that are not kind. 
- Barney says, "we're here to save Thither!" The Dryad tells us that Granny Nightshade uses the wood from the trees to male trees to lure children from the mortal plane. Lotta tells them we're looking for Squirt and Will. The Dryad tells us both of them are with Little Oak. We are also told that the promises on the posters are quite literal and not to really be trusted. She also tells us to keep Barney under control. 🤣
- We tell Barney to keep our purpose on the DL in case there are spies. We do learn that most birds are good. The hags use clock-work sparrows for communication between the hags. The sparrows have mechanical components that are somewhat easy to pick out.
- We approach Wayward Pool as the sun sets. As we approach the lake a gigantic tree comes into view. It is a giant oak tree that is covered in rot. The tree has been dying for a long time based on the amount of dead leaves. There are three rusty sicles in the ground in the leaves. There are three goats there also. There is a goat accompanying each sicle.
- We notice 8 little houses in the trees. There are squirrels that seem to live in the mini houses.
- Barney is destraught over the state of the tree. He looks at the tree trying to figure out what is wrong with it. He can't see anything unusual. 
- Destiny approaches one of the goats. He is weirded out by them (natural 1 on investigation). He picks up one of the sicles. The goats attack Destiny and Barney. We hear a small yell from the tree above. A few pixies appear on the branch. They tell us not to kill the goats and that they are not goats. They are actually Redcaps. Barney ties them together then half buries them. Jackie hits them a bit. She kills one of them. The pixies are happy. She finishes them off. 
- We start talking to the pixies. They are relieved that we got rid of the red caps. They tells us about the rot and that they were working for Granny Nightshade. Barney tells them we are hunting hags. Lotta looks around for spy sperrows. She doesn't see anything. But she realizes the red caps were probably reporting to someone. They might be nearby.
- The pixies take care of the bodies with the leaves and... nature.
- One of the pixies tells us that the red caps are grown in Loomlurch. 
- Barney asks if Granny Nightshade has any weakness. They say they don't know. 
- We continue around the lake. One side of the lake has Cliffs. There is an island in the center that is too far out to tell what is on it. We decide to approach the lake. As we walk toward the lake it is difficult to walk directly to the lake.
- Destiny, Barney, and Bartleby try to walk directly to the lake. We cannot get within 1,000 ft of the lake. We set up camp. And spend the night. We notice that the moon phase is identical to the night before. During Destiny's watch he feels slightly that someone is out there. It's more of a feeling than anything else. We need to figure out this lake thing. 
- We break camp and continue for Little Oak.
- During our travels we come across one of the fairy rings. There is a campfire with a cauldron of boiling water. There is a frying pan with melted butter. There is a Campestris sitting next to the pan who occasionally dips his head into the butter. 
- We approach the Campestris and ask about the butter. We learn that she is there with her friend Kro'ah. Her friend is looking for firewood and told her to cover herself with butter so she can take a hot bath. 😬 Lotta starts looking in the woods and finds a goblin carrying firewood. 
- Lotta chases the goblin. She tries to grab him, but he dodges and drops some of his firewood. He tries to dispel the situation. Lotta pulls out her short swords and asks what he's doing. He says he's going to eat the happy mushroom. Lotta tries to convince him not to. We ask him about Loomlurch. He tells us there is a market where goblins sell things. They sell things to those that are sad. The campestris tries to climb into the cauldron as we walk away. We decide to not worry about it. 
- Walk three times witter shins to turn on a fairy ring. Activating the fairy circle can take you to a corresponding portal in the matirial plane. There are corrupt portals. We decide that because there are campestris, this is not a corrupted plane. We decide to leave. 
- We get to an opening that leads to a meadow beyond. Jackie notices what looks like a centaur. 
- We walk into the glade. We see a bunch of kids that run and hide as soon they see us come into the glade. One of the boys yells at us. 