- We attack the gelatinous cube. Bartleby hits it with sacred flame. Barney hits it with his quarter staff. Lotta picks up some broken table  legs and hits it. Destiny and Jackie attack with some mauls. Our weapons take some acid damage. 
- Bartleby misses. Barney hits. Lotta hits. It attacks Lotta, and misses, moving her to the other side of the cube. It also attacks Destiny, but it completely misses. Destiny hits. 
- Bartleby casts guiding bolt. The cube explodes. Once the cube is gone, clean water starts to flow. We fixed the fountain. 
- We go back up and talk to Bavlorna and tell her. She tells us to find her big book of bad blood. We go down and pull it out our stuff. We go right back up. Lotta opens the door and throws the book on the table. 
- the third chore is to get some carcasses from some bullywogs. It is the crate we brought. 
- Bavlorna goes back to soak. 
- The lady with no shadow is starting to pack things. She says, "good day," and starts leave. As she passes she says, "I hope we got a good trade for that." Barney checks to see if any other objects are missing shadows. Everything seems normal. 
- Destiny goes up a decreped stair case in the corner on the room. At the top of the stairs is a dirty bed room. It's like a hoarders house. There is a chest with a large padlock. There are two doors at the back of the room. Destiny comes back down and tells us it's gross. 
- Lotta decides to go up. Destiny tells her to watch out for Lornlings. Destiny and Barney stay back to watch for some. They appear to have gone down to the pool with Bavlorna. Lotta notices a will-o-wisps in the rafters. It is most likely there to protect the chest. Lotta picks up the watering can. It is full of water. She takes it to one of the tipped over pots and dumps out the watering can. The can immediately refills. The play grows, turns. It has a happy face. Lotta puts water on the other three plants. The last plant hands Lotta a black key. The plants start waving. Lotta unlocks the chest. The will-o-wisp doesn't react. 
- inside is a ticket to the witch light carnival signed by "Izold." There are three identify scrolls. There is a marionette doll. The face has a moon. There's is also a face on the back that is a sun. 
- Lotta takes everything from the chest. She leaves some sundries in their place. She puts the key inside the chest and locks it. 
- Lotta opens the door to the south. It opens to a balcony. She opens the door to the east. It is locked. She remembers she had a key from the lady on Telemy hill. It works. Inside is a messy room. Various things are pulled around the room. There is a statue of a frog with darkness in the mouth. Bartleby casts identify. It is a pocket dimension. It works like a bag of holding. Lotta tosses the key to the room into the mouth. 
- A little Lornling exhales and dies. Bartleby notices shadow around the throat. 
- Lotta noticed a stag skull. It seems like Clapper claw's head. She also picks up a helmet of telepathy. 
- Barney goes into the hall with the portraits. He messed with a mirror in the hallway. When he smiled, his reflection smiled back and a door opened up. Barney and Destiny go down the hall. 
- They feel strange as they walk down the hall. There is a door at the end. The door is barred with what looks like a sewing needle. "I think we're small," says Barney. He picks up the bar and walks in. He comes out under a cabinet in the study. They are tiny. There is a hole leading up into the cabinet. They climb in. They find three potions. There is a growth potion, a shrinking portion, and a potion of invisibility. There is also a taxidermied cat.
- They start to feel tingly in their fingers. They manage to get the invisibility potion out. They walk back out through the hall where they shrank. They go back for the other two potions. 
- We reconvene. There are still two doors, one on the east and one on the south. There are also two doors in the hallway with the portraits. 
- Bartleby opens the south door. It opens to a kitchen. There is a woman with a butcher knife (Bloody toes the Redcap). And two vultures flying around. Barney and Bartleby help get the vultures out. The woman complains about Bavlorna. She tells us she is allergic to running around counter clockwise. 
- We formulate a plan to attack Bavlorna. Destiny decides to take the invisibility potion and run laps counter clockwise around her. The rest of us with attack her while she is sneezing. Lotta can also use Agnon's branding iron to become invisible to her. 